Document OpenC2 README (#36)
sFractal-Podii/open-c2-producer: README.md

# OpencC2Test

> OpenC2 is a standardized language for controlling cyber defense technologies. It allows different systems and components to communicate and coordinate with each other, regardless of the specific products or technologies they use. This enables automated and efficient management of cyber defenses.

Reviewer: This describes the openc2 library instead of the project . 
Describe the project in the same way you have done in the UI changes

## Setup Guide

To start your Phoenix server:

  * Run `mix setup` to install and setup dependencies

>   * Source the environment variables by running `source .env`. This contains environment specific settings and keys.

Reviewer: Add instruction to add the `.env` and the environment variables to be added .

Author: I have it like this but is the password also a public thing or not?

* Create a file `.env` in the project root and add the following environment variables;
    * export CLIENT_ID=add your client_id
    * export MQTT_HOST=test.mosquitto.org
    * export MQTT_PORT=1883
    * export USER_NAME=plug
    * export PASSWORD=fest

  * Start Phoenix endpoint with `mix phx.server` or inside IEx with `iex -S mix phx.server`

## How to use the project

Now you can visit [`localhost:4000`](http://localhost:4000) from your browser. Follow the following steps to run your project.

> 

Reviewer: Let it be known that we are currently testing only one device, TwinklyMaha, and provide a link to redirect users to the project to start testing.

1. Select the type of device you wish to test eg. TwinklyMaha.

2. Select broker to use, eg emqx_broker; HiveMQ and EMQX are MQTT brokers designed to facilitate efficient and secure communication between IoT devices and applications.

3. Choose the command to run, eg. Turn_led_on/off

4. Click Run.

![UI screenshot](docs/Screenshot%20from%20openc2.png)

We designed this user interface (UI) to be quick and simple to use without requiring the user to input commands on the terminal, making it convenient for both technical and non-technical users.

## Expected results

> At this point, the selected broker is initiated which connects to the client device. The command selected in step 3 is executed, which turns the LED on/off. Head over to TwinklyMaha to see your changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At this point, the TwinklyMaha is connected to the broker and it's subscribed to the topic published by Openc2test. You can just head over to TwinklyMaha to see your changes..
```
